api key expiration doc update (#879)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/administration/concepts/index.mdx

We ended support for legacy API keys prefixed with `ls__` on October 22, 2024 in favor of personal access tokens (PATs) and service keys. We require using PATs and service keys for all new integrations. API keys prefixed with `ls__` will no longer work as of October 22, 2024.
:::

#### Expiration Dates

> Expiration dates can be set for all new API keys. The created key will become unusable after the amount of time determined by its creator. Keys can also be set to never expire, and keys created before the implementation of this feature will automatically be set to never expire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create an API key, you have the option to set an expiration date. Adding an expiration date keys enhances security and minimize the risk of unauthorized access. For example, you may set expiration dates on keys for temporary tasks that require elevated access. 

By default, keys never expire. Once expired, an API key is no longer valid and cannot be reactivated or have its expiration modified.
```
